0. mini intro

Fari:
Hello! My name is Fari, and I'll be your guide for the rest of the game, whether you
like it or not!

The game is a visual novel/dating sim. In case you've never played one (like the game creator),
here's the jist: try to get one of the girls in the game to fall in love with you.
You do so by choosing to do certain things in a given day, and picking out options from
dialogue boxes. There are also minigames that may or may not affect choices.
Depending on who you've captivated and how successful you are, you will get different endings.

The best course of action is to stick to one girl at a time. Don't be an idiot and try to
go out with all of them at the same time! After successfully clearing a girl's route you
have a chance to try another route anyways.

Note I said girl. By default you are male. So please turn off the game if you are a feminist
or homosexual and are offended by this.

Also turn off the game if your country has laws against lolicon (Canadux, maybe
lolstralia, some Yuropeean countries, etc)

Might as well get all legal stuff out of the way! If you paid any money for this game, then
you were ripped off; the game is free to obtain and play! All characters, settings, and
objects in the game are fictional; any likeness to a real person, setting, or object is just
coincidence, I swear! All graphics and music are custom-made and not ripped from any other
game or media. Feel free to use anything (code, graphics, music, etc) in the game for your
own use, just don't claim it as yours. You are also free to modify the game in any way, such
as to swap genders or change languages, just make sure to remember who made the game originally
(Her Excellency, Supreme 1337 Hacker, and Future Administrator of SMWCentral and its residents:
Ladida)

Well, I think that's enough! Now tell me some things about yourself!


You:

1. What is your name?
	You are a transfer student. Try to have this reflected in your name!

2. When is your birthday?
	In case it happens to be today, Happy Birthday!

3. What is your rival's name?
	This person hates your guts, and you hate theirs! Give them a terrible name!

4. What is your favorite homemade food?
	I skipped breakfast, so don't make it sound too delicious!

5. What is your favorite thing?
	Don't worry, I'm not copying Earthbound!

6. What is the name of the town you moved into?
	This town will be located in Japan. Don't put something common like Hyrule, or else!

7. save settings, start game
	Thank you! Now let's get going!